The corporate view of IT is:
A. A provider of technical services
B. A facilitator of organizational efficiency
C. An organization strategicall aligned with the business goals and objectives of the enterprise
D. A critical enabler of the corporate vision

IT customer satisfaction measurement is:
A. Less important than achieving cost targets
B. Focused on the success of process automation activities, e.g. increased productivity and/or decrease in product cycle time
C. Measured by external customer satisfaction with business products or services
D. Measured by the ability of IT to provide a strategic competitive advantage to the overall goals and initiavie of the business

The enterprise approach toward the IT organization is:
A. As an expense center
B. As a service center
C. As a profit contributor
D. As a variable cost, on-demand value center

IT value is measured by the IT organization's ability to:
A. Meet service delivery commitments at lower costs than the competition
B. Supply "best-of-breed" services, even if IT rates might be higher than the competition, though cost is still a concern
C. Apply technology, skills, platforms, and services to IT projects
D. Provide measurable value to the business' strategic initiatives

Which of the following is true about IT participation in planning? IT is:
A. Not expected to be involved in tactical or strategic planning activities of the business
B. Expected to participate in tactical or strategic planning only to the extent of improving the corporate decision-making process
C. Expected to participate in the business' tactical and developmental planning and to support the business goals and objectives
D. Not only expected to participate in strategic planning, but also to recommend and implement technology to enhance the overall strategic objectives

The IT services that are provided to the business:
A. Are standard, basic IT services that will 'keep the lights on', with nothing unique or industry specific
B. Are those expected by most businesses within the same industry
C. Support standard business processes relevant to the industry, with a few initiatives that offer competitive advantage
D. Are aimed directly at enabling the business to have a competitive advantage based on the usage of IT

IT services and solutions are provided to the business at the lowest feasible cost:
A. With minimal consideration for value add
B. With equal consideration for quality of service
C. With significant value add services
D. With the ability to enable business strategies on-demand at variable cost

Which of the following is true about reductions in service level quality:
A. Reductions will be tolerated if accompanied by reater reductions in price
B. Reductions may cause the IT organization to take corrective action to improve quality consistent with service level agreements
C. Reductions may cause immediate action out of concern for the impact to the business
D. Reductions will not be tolerated

Which of the following applies to IT's participation in planning business initiatives:
A. IT is rarely involved in business decision
B. It begins after the business initiative has passed the concept stage, or a package has been selected, and it's time to consider what technology is required to automate the new business process
C. It begins after the business initiative has passed the concept stage, and it's time to consider how IT can support the new business process
D. It begins when the business initiative is conceived. In some cases, new IT capability begins the process to develop a new business capability

IT services are:
A. Primarily focused on applications to improve productivity of administrative functions, and are reactive, with the business demanding services from IT
B. Primarily focused on productivity enhancements, but IT has a moderate understanding of customer requirements, including an awareness of customer satisfaction levels
C. A balance of business-driven projects that are enabled by IT and are visible to customers of the enterprise, with internal productivity services
D. A mixture of externall visible services, services for gaining significant competitive advantage, and internal productivity initiatives

The IT organization's approach to new technologies is:
A. Extremely cautious, rarely implements leading edge technology
B. Very cautious, must conform to a confirmed industry best practice
C. Cautious, but willing to consider new technologies with a high probability of success
D. Aggressive, willing to experiment with new technologies which can potentially provide a competitive advantage

The projects within the IT plan are:
A. Focused primarily on business automation (cost reduction) initiatives, with some projects addressing service quality
B. Balanced between cost reduction and service quality improvements with some resources directed towards enhanced capability
C. Focused on service quality improvements and enhanced capabilities, with some prjoects focused on cost reduction
D. Focused primarily on enhanced capabilities and service quality improvements, with significant resources directed towards a few 'big plays' exploring advanced technologies

The business organizations within the enterprise:
A. Know little, if anything, about IT plans
B. Become aware of IT plans when new capability is introduced
C. Participate in the IT prioritization and planning process
D. Engage at the same level as for business planning

Procuremet of IT capability is:
A. Centralized to ensure lower costs
B. Centralized to reduce risk to business objective and ensure consistency of technology selected
C. Centralized to ensure highest quality
D. Decentralized to ensure the greatest business applicability

The most senior IT position reports to:
A. Someone within the finance organization
B. The CFO
C. The CEO or senior executive in charge of business transformation
D. The CEO or COO as a member of the senior leadership team

Communications between IT and a business unit executives occur:
A. Quarterly or less, with a focus on IT cost
B. Monthly, with a focus on IT service quality
C. Weekly, with a blance between service quality and business results
D. Daily, with a focus on business results and expectations

The corporate perception of IT's contribution to the business is:
A. The technology it provides and manages
B. The services it provides to the business units
C. As a strategicc asset
D. As a core competency providing a compettive advantage

The IT organization's attitude toward risk is:
A. Extremely risk averse
B. Risk averse
C. Willing to accept some risk if the potential return is large enough
D. Embraces risk as a means to gain competitive advantage

The head of this enterprise:
A. Is not aware of new IT capabilites as they become available
B. Is aware of new IT capabilites
C. Participates in discussions regarding new IT capabilities and how they might be applied to competitive advantage
D. Leads discussions about new technologies and the business capabilities they might enable

This enterprise is:
A. Not aware of how their competitors use technology
B. Is aware of their competitors' use of technology, but does not react based on that knowledge
C. Watches closely how their competitors use technology, and responds when necessary
D. Attempts to anticipate how their competitors will use technology, and develops alternative strategies

