The corporate view of IT is:
A. A provider of technical services
B. A facilitator of organizational efficiency
C. An organization strategically aligned with the business goals and objectives of the enterprise
D. A critical enabler of the corporate vision

IT customer satisfaction:
A. Is considered less important than achieving cost reduction targets (or is not measured at all) 
B. Focuses upon services provided to the business units, and the rating combines both SLA and survey data
C. Considers both delivery of services to business units and external customers, and IT’s role and contribution to developing solutions appropriate to the industry 
D. Is measured by the ability of IT to provide a strategic competitive advantage in the overall goals and initiatives of the business

The enterprise approach toward the IT organization is:
A. As an expense center
B. As a service center
C. As a profit contributor
D. As a business enabler, providing highly responsive and flexible services to meet rapidly changing business needs

IT management attention and investments focus upon: 
A. Efficiency and quality of individual component types and technology towers
B. Quality and efficiency of well-defined IT service offerings
C. Flexibility, quality and efficiency of IT’s support of business services
D. As c), but also including how innovation in technology usage can create improvements to the overall business

When selecting a new IT solution:
A. Cost is the major consideration, and selection is mainly made by IT. 
B. The business units are involved in the selection, with a requirement validation process to ensure that the solution will meet their needs 
C. The business units play a key role in the selection of the solution, ensuring that it enables the enterprise to compete effectively within the industry
D. IT and the business units work closely together innovating new solutions to stay ahead of competitors in the industry

The IT organization’s attitude toward risk is:
A. Extremely risk averse
B. Risk averse
C. Accepting of some risk if the potential return is large enough
D. One which embraces risk as a means to gain competitive advantage

The components within the IT architecture:
A. Are “off-the-shelf” applications found in many organizations, with many small custom-built applications that are notwell integrated
B. Contain pockets of specialized industry solutions that allow the business units to be efficient and effective in some core business activities
C. Contain many specialized solutions that enable the business to be highly competitive within their industry
D. Contain many leading edge solutions that enable the business to be viewed as a technological leader in their industry

The IT services that are provided to the business:
A. Are standard, basic IT services with nothing unique
B. Include the IT services expected by most organizations within the same industry
C. Are relevant to the industry, with some services which provide competitive advantage
D. Are directly aimed at providing competitive advantage based on the usage of IT

The IT services are:
A. Primarily focused on applications which improve the productivity of internal administrative functions
B. A mix aimed at improving internal productivity and increasing the satisfaction of external customers
C. A balance of IT enabled business services, visible to customers and suppliers of the enterprise, with some internally focused projects
D. A mixture of services designed to gain significant competitive advantage, externally-visible services and internal focused initiatives

This enterprise is:
A. Not aware of how their competitors use technology
B. Aware of their competitors use of technology, but does not react based on that knowledge
C. Watching closely how their competitors use technology, and responds when necessary
D. Anticipating how their competitors will use technology, and develops alternative strategies

